[NARRATOR] This is the time
known as the Great Pirate Era.
In pursuit of wealth,
fame, and power,
countless souls are
driven to the seas.
For those who
long for adventure,
it is a dream come true,
but there are some among them
who seek only to plunder,
leaving an endless
trail of chaos
and destruction in their wake.
For the powerless,
it is an age of oppression,
where the strong may prey
on the weak at any moment.
The Navy,
under the World Government,
seeks to stem
the tide of piracy,
but even they cannot
help everyone.
So in their moment of need,
who can the oppressed turn to?
Who has the strength to answer
their prayers for salvation?
I don't know if we can make it.
No one is looking out
for folks like us.
It's just gonna
keep getting worse.
[sighs] Seems like
I'm crying every day.
The Navy's useless.
They can't protect us,
and now we're gonna starve!
It's like they don't
even care if we die!
No point in blaming them for it.
The pirates are the ones who
took our stuff away, you know!
Those jerks! I hate them!
Why do they have
to be so greedy?
All they ever do is
make people suffer!
[CITIZENS crying]
Does anyone even care
what happens to us?
[FISHERMAN A] Please,
I can't live like this anymore.
You're the only one
who understands.
You have to help us!
[VILLAGER B]
I'm begging.
[VILLAGER A]
We believe in you.
- [VILLAGER C] Help us.
- [VILLAGER D] You can fix this!
[CITIZENS]
You have to!
[UTA]
I know. I hear you.
That's why I'm bringing
this world into a new age.
One where you all can be happy.
[CROWD chattering]
Gotta say,
that's one helluva crowd!
Uta's never done
a show in person before,
so this is kind of a big deal.
Her songs on the
Transponder make me
wanna rock and roll all night!
And did you see that stage?
I know I'm gonna freak out
when she shows up!
I can't wait!
It would seem her popularity
has spread to merfolk as well!
But remind me,
why are we dressed up?
We're wearing costumes
to hype up her show,
and in return, we got a set of
these babies for free!
Wow, looks like garbage.
[ROBIN]
I think it's fun.
And besides,
who wouldn't want to support
the world's number
one sweetheart?
[FRANKY] Is this chick
that big of a deal?
I would describe
her performances
as an out-of-body experience.
And trust me, I'm an expert.
U! T! A!
Now let's go Uta!
You're pathetic.
I'm gonna take all of your
swords, shove 'em up your ass,
roast you alive,
and make some shish kebabs!
Like to see you try, curly brow.
[BOTH gasp]
[gasps] It's time
for the rockin'!
Hey! Luffy! Pay attention!
[UTA singing]
[CROWD cheering]
[STRAW HATS cheering]
Hey guys! Nice to meet you!
Finally!
[ALL cheering]
[UTA]
Sorry. This is a lot at once.
[CROWD cheering]
[UTA]
Okay! We ready to have some fun?
This is our chance
to move in, boys.
Aw yeah.
[KAGINOTE] Just like you said,
she's wide open.
All we gotta do is
swoop in and swoop out
and we're set for life.
Ain't your lucky day, Uta!
[CROWD]
U! T! A! U! T! A! U! T! A!
U! T! A! U! T! A!
[USOPP]
Hey, Luffy!
Wait, don't tell me that little
bastard beat us to the punch!
Aha! So it is you!
[UTA]
Hm?
- Uta. Been a while, huh?
- [UTA] Huh?
C'mon, look, it's me!
I don't... [gasps]
It can't be... Luffy?
There you go! Good to see ya!
Luffy! [laughs]
[USOPP gasps]
[CHOPPER gasps]
Huh?!
[BOTH laugh]
[AUDIENCE E]
Wait, look at his hat.
[AUDIENCE F] It can't be!
The Fifth Emperor?
[AUDIENCE B]
No way!
Uta wouldn't be pals
with a pirate! Come on!
[ROBIN] That's a surprise.
Seems Luffy is friends with Uta.
Damn it! No fair!
At least introduce us!
[USOPP] Since when are you
so chummy with Princess Uta?
[CHOPPER]
Yeah! Tell us!
Since forever!
Uta is Shanks' daughter!
- Uh-
- [gasps]
[CROWD gasps]
[EBOSHI]
Huh?
[chuckles]
Shanks the pirate?
Not just any pirate,
but one of the Four Emperors.
[AUDIENCE C]
I'll never forget that name.
[AUDIENCE G] He's the man
who attacked Elegia
all those years ago.
Uta.
[sighs]
So that's why they chose
Elegia as the venue.
I did think it was odd.
You're referring to
the old legend, right?
In part, but it seems there are
other threads to this story,
yet to unravel.
[BROOK gasps]
[JELLYFISH PIRATES chuckle]
[LUFFY]
Are you guys part of the show?
[KAGINOTE] So Red-Haired
Shanks had a daughter
all this time and no one knew!
[EBOSHI] And if he's got a kid,
that means he's got a weakness!
This is getting good!
[HANAGASA] We're not crazy
enough to take him on,
but some other big shot
will jump at the chance!
[KAGINOTE] That means
we're gonna be set for life
once they pay up for
your pretty little head!
[OVEN]
Heat Beating!
[JELLYFISH PIRATES scream]
[cackles] Why don't we
just cut the middleman
and take the girl now?
- I know you! Branch!
- Say what?
I'm Brulee, from the Big Mom
Pirates, you little twit!
[UTA]
Who's the other guy?
My name is Charlotte Oven
and I'm the fourth son
of Big Mom.
Y'know, this is quite the show.
I'm glad we came.
Yes. In more ways than one,
since I didn't expect
such a profitable revelation!
[gasps]
[BRULEE] Uta, sorry to
spoil your concert,
but you're Mama's property now.
[COBY]
Wait.
They've got this.
[SANJI]
Back off!
Nobody's laying a finger on Uta!
Not on my watch!
[BROOK] For a musician,
the stage is a sacred place.
I will not let you defile it.
I'll be damned, guess this is
my kinda show after all!
The Jellyfish Pirates
won't lose that easy!
[grunts]
[BROOK]
Song of Scratches.
Blizzard Slice!
[JELLYFISH PIRATES scream]
[HANAGASA]
Kraken Fist!
[grunts]
[HANAGASA groans]
Guess we're doing this!
Let's wrap this up quick
so Uta can get back to singing!
Protect the singing lady,
no problemo!
[JIMBEI grunts]
Fish-Man Karate.
Spear Wave!
[FRANKY] I hope you're ready
for a super steamy smackdown!
[yells]
[LUFFY]
Now Gum-Gum Jet Gatling!
[JELLYFISH PIRATES groan]
Cien Fleurs! Spider Net!
Rock 'n' roll!
[UTA]
Okay! That's enough.
It's nice to meet your friends,
Luffy, thanks for the help!
But no more roughhousing please!
"Roughhousing"?
[UTA]
All of you are my fans, right?
So you should get along
and enjoy the show!
Wait a sec.
These aren't unruly fans,
they were gonna kidnap you!
[FRANKY]
And they look like the type
who won't take "no"
for an answer!
Because we're pirates, and
pirates take whatever they want,
even if we have to
beat it out of you!
Then quit being pirates,
you doofs!
I'll forgive all the
bad stuff you've done
if you stop right now.
Come on! Give up
all that nasty business
and join up with me!
We're making a better world with
none of the cruelty
and violence!
My music will set you free!
Then we'll live happily
together in peace!
[JELLYFISH PIRATES laugh]
[OVEN]
Peace is a stupid dream.
Now why don't you
shut your pretty little trap
before I slice it up?
Hey! I called her first,
you keep your hands off!
- Uta!
- I got this, Luffy.
I thought you came here
to enjoy my singing,
not stop the whole show.
Haha. Sorry, babe,
we're pirates.
Money and power speak louder
than music to guys like us!
[AUDIENCE D]
This is awful!
[AUDIENCE H]
They're ruining the concert.
[AUDIENCE E]
Those pirates don't care about
anyone but themselves.
What a shame.
In that case,
I'll make a song out of you.
Huh?
[singing]
[gasps]
[JELLYFISH PIRATES scream]
[CHOPPER, NAMI gasp]
[laughs]
[CROWD cheers]
[yells]
[ALL scream]
[CROWD cheering]
[laughs]
[UTA] There's nothing
to worry about, you guys.
I made those scary pirates
into a fun song!
They can't hurt me and
they won't hurt you,
either, I promise!
[CROWD cheers]
Take that, pirates!
Uta is nothing like Shanks,
even if they are family!
[giggles]
You got strong since
the last time I saw you!
[CROWD cheering]
[ZORO] So she has
Devil Fruit powers now?
[NAMI] If she does,
it's news to everyone here.
[LUFFY]
Ooh, what's this spinny thing?
[USOPP] It doesn't matter!
Let's get back to our seats!
Listen up!
'Cause I've got some great news
to share with you!
I had a lot of fun with
my transponder snail shows,
but they always end too soon.
I couldn't keep it up forever,
but this time is different!
This concert will go on forever!
It's a party that'll never stop!
Kyu?
That's right! It'll be me and
you, together for all time!
That goes for everyone
watching the broadcast
and everyone here
at the venue, too!
Let's show the world
how much fun we can have!
[CROWD cheers]
Hell yeah!
I don't know what that means,
but it sure sounds awesome!
It's time to party!
[CROWD] U! T! A! U! T! A!
U! T! A! U! T! A!
U! T! A! U! T! A! U! T! A!
[UTA] And there's one other
thing I need to say.
This is a message
to all you pirates,
people from the
World Government,
and members of the Navy.
Do not try to stop this concert.
My fans just wanna have fun,
and they all deserve
to be happy.
If you ruin that for them,
then I'll make you pay.
I'm going to create a new era
for this world, understand?
My music will bring
peace to everyone!
[CROWD cheers]
[UTA]
Okay. Here we go. Next song.
[ELDER STAR C] Shanks had
a daughter all this time.
It seems that Cipher Pol's
report was accurate.
She may be opposed
to the Great Pirate Era,
but she's still a threat to
this world, like any other foe.
[ELDER STAR E] The biggest
concern is her popularity.
The people love her.
We have to stomp out this fire
before it becomes
a full-scale rebellion.
What if she has Figarland blood?
This might not be so easy.
We must prepare,
in case Tot Musica returns.
Now there's a grim thought.
We can't allow it to awaken.
If that's on the table, then we
must take decisive action.
[AKAINU]
All right.
We just got the order
to bring in Uta.
That girl's a damn menace.
[KIZARU] That little missy
has quite the fan club.
Must be a real charmer.
Now she's got
our attention, too.
Enough! This isn't
a joking matter.
The target's on the island
of music, Elegia.
The same spot Tot Musica was
sealed away in ancient times.
[FUJITORA] All right,
so how many are we sending?
Well let me put it this way!
How many ships
do you have ready to sail?
[FUJITORA]
That would be 30.
[AKAINU]
Good! Send them all,
packed with troops
and loaded for war!
[SAILOR A]
In the event of...
[SAILOR B]
Keep that capstan going.
Wait for the signal,
and then push together.
Don't rush,
but put your backs into it!
[SAILOR C] Anemometer reading
is at four knots,
with surface conditions...
[SAILOR D] I want all
gunner crews assembled
and checking your cannons.
Check your barrels for cracks,
make sure your vents are clear,
confirm your wheels are mobile,
and make sure you've got
plenty of ammunition secured.
[UTA] Hey guys!
Is anyone here getting hungry?
Don't worry!
I'll make tons of food
and some other stuff, too!
[CROWD cheers]
[gasps] It's so cute!
Can I keep it?
Of course! Everyone
deserves to be happy!
I want you all to eat whatever
you want, whenever you want!
We're gonna sing, dance,
and have fun every single day!
It's like a dream.
There's nothing to fear anymore!
Nothing you can't do!
Stick with me and we'll make
everyone's wishes come true!
A new age is here!
[CROWD cheers]
[PEROSPERO grunts] Her power's
greater than expected.
Looks like we
underestimated her!
[BIG MOM laughs]
Red-Haired Shanks' daughter.
Truly a remarkable specimen.
I want her and I want her now.
Plus those insufferable Straw
Hats will be with her, too.
Time to get eh-licked.
[KATAKURI]
I'll go to Elegia.
[KATAKURI] Anyone who lays
a finger on my sister will pay.
All of these rare ingredients,
here in a flash!
[ZORO] Uta hooked me up
with some booze, too.
[NAMI]
She said "anything," right?
So does that means she could
give us some treasure?
[CHOPPER] How do you
think her powers work?
What the hell?
[FRANKY] What kinda Devil Fruit
would that even be?
[SANJI]
Can't cook with this.
We've witnessed plenty of
powers, but none like this.
Luffy, you're friends with Uta.
You have any idea how
she can make all this work?
Beats me! Heh, she was
always good at singing,
- so maybe that's it!
- What?
[BROOK laughs]
Luffy might be onto something!
Perhaps she was smiled upon
by the gods of music themselves,
and granted mighty powers!
What's up? Is everyone
having a good time?
Yeah, Princess! Thanks to you!
With all these rare ingredients,
it's like a playground
for a chef!
Everything looks awesome to me!
That's good to hear.
I'd hate to make a bad
impression on Luffy's friends!
- Hold up. Is anyone missing?
- Nuh-uh.
Are you messing with me?
That hat, it belongs-
This is everybody!
So, Luffy, you wanna
play a game with me?
[LUFFY] There's no way
you can beat me anymore.
Oh, come on!
I beat your butt
183 times in a row!
No! I beat you 183 times!
Those are rather
divergent perspectives.
What kind of game?
We'd compete in
just about anything.
Stuff like knife throwing,
or arm wrestling, you name it!
Right! I know exactly
what to do! Watch!
[gasps]
[UTA] We'll have a chicken
speed-eating contest.
- How's that?
- [LUFFY] Great!
[LUFFY laughs] But we're
still missing something.
[UTA] Don't worry.
I've got it covered!
[roars]
I'm ready!
Okay.
[BOTH]
Three, two, one!
You thirsty?
Awesome! Thanks a bunch!
[UTA giggles]
[LUFFY gasps]
Uta's the winner!
Oh yeah!
Uta! You cheater!
Uh-oh. He might die.
[groaning]
[LUFFY gasps]
Oops, sorry!
I forgot you ate
a Devil Fruit like me!
Don't be angry!
[LUFFY]
I want a do-over on that game!
You cheated!
You're such a sore loser!
And since I won, you better
tell me where Shanks is hiding!
You know, don't you?
[LUFFY]
Nope.
[UTA]
You're kidding.
Then why've you
got his straw hat?
[LUFFY]
I'm borrowing it.
[NAMI]
Quick question!
Do you mind if I ask
where the two of you met?
Huh? She came to
Windmill Village
with Shanks and his crew
when I was a little kid.
Oh, So you played together
back in your old hometown,
how cute!
Yep!
[LUFFY] What're you doing?
Daydreaming again?
Come sit with me.
Uh-uh, that's boring!
I wanna play a game!
[UTA]
Ugh. Why're you such a baby?
All right, I think I know
exactly what game to play.
[UTA, LUFFY]
Chicken Chomper!
[barks]
Whoever can eat the most
before they run wins!
Got it!
Cut that out!
You're going to
get hurt, you two!
[UTA, LUFFY]
We won't!
[MAKINO]
Uta! Luffy!
[SHANKS]
Eh, let 'em have their fun.
This isn't just a game,
it's a matter of honor for them.
Let's go!
Ready?
[BOTH]
Three, two, one, go!
[MAKINO] What are they
competing over, anyway?
It's a test of
their pirate skills,
though I don't get
the chicken part.
Luffy! Chow down!
You thirsty?
Yeah! Thanks, Uta!
[gasps]
[MAKINO gasps]
Luffy!
I can't believe
he fell for it again!
You still alive down there?
It's not over!
That didn't settle
nothing, darn it!
Grow up! You sore loser!
You're the loser, you cheated!
I'm a pirate, dummy!
I don't follow the rules!
And you got distracted
during a duel
'cause you're a stupid baby!
Would you stop acting
like you're so cool?
You're not a real pirate
till Shanks says so.
Shut up! I'm Shanks' daughter,
which means I've
been sailing and
going on adventures for years!
I'm way, way, way different
than a little snot like you!
- [LUFFY] Nuh-uh!
- [UTA] Yuh-huh!
[LUFFY] 'Kay then!
If you're a real pirate,
why don't you fight me?
I'm ready for you any time!
[BOTH yell]
[SHANKS] I think that's
enough nonsense for today.
[UTA]
You should be ashamed, Shanks!
A real pirate wouldn't
bonk kids with his sword!
Oh yeah? What's wrong?
You never heard of "tough love"?
But swords aren't tough,
they're sharp!
Aw! Did you say "love"?
If you like me so much, Shanks,
you don't have to be shy!
[LUFFY]
What about me?
Y'always gotta climb on me,
you clingy little monkeys?
Hey, Uta? Why d'you
call him "Shanks"?
Shouldn't you call him "Dad"?
He might be my dad,
but as a pirate,
Shanks is my captain!
And he's my hero, too!
[UTA giggles] I'm feeling
so good about beating Luffy,
I think I'm gonna sing!
[LUFFY] No fair, Shanks!
I wanna go sailing, too!
Nothing personal, kid,
but you're too rowdy
for my crew.
But Uta-
Waits back on the ship
when we have a fight,
but there's no way
you would sit still.
See?
[UTA]
That's right!
I may be little, but I'm Uta,
musician of
the Red-Hair Pirates!
And when I grow up,
my songs are going to
make a new age,
where everyone will be free!
Star's taking the stage.
You better listen up, Luffy.
[singing]
[gasps]
It's my turn to sing!
Let's hear it for, Luffy!
[ALL cheer]
[NAMI, UTA laugh]
Now that I think back,
you disappeared suddenly.
Uh-
Is there a story? What happened?
Uh, what was it?
I was always excited when Shanks
came to visit the village.
But that day it was different.
Welcome back!
What kinda adventures
did you have this time?
Huh? What gives?
Fine! I'll just ask Uta!
Uta! Uta!
If you wanna brag about your
trip, I'll listen this time!
Why are you hiding? It's me!
[LUFFY]
Shanks? Where'd Uta go?
What's that look?
Did something bad happen to her?
[SHANKS]
Nothing to worry about, Luffy.
Uta left the crew to
become a singer, that's all.
It was the right choice.
[LUFFY] So why'd you stop
wanting to be a pirate, Uta?
You used to love
the Red-Hair Pirates.
Even if I wanted to be a pirate,
I wanted to be
a singer way more!
I mean, look, in just two years,
I got this many fans
rooting for my success!
[LUFFY]
All right.
[UTA] What about you, Luffy?
What are you doing now?
Well, I'm a pirate, obviously!
[gasps]
Of course. That was your dream.
Uh-huh!
And I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates.
Hey, Luffy. Why don't you
give up on that?
[ALL]
Huh?
You'd be much better off
sticking with me.
Your friends are
all fans of mine,
so they'd be up for it, right?
I promise you'd
have a great time!
Luffy! Are you listening to me?
[LUFFY laughs] It was great
seeing you again, Uta!
Thanks for all the meat!
I'm gonna head back to
the Sunny and take a nap!
Huh?
Listen. I'm glad you're doing
what makes you happy!
It's just not for me! Bye!
[UTA]
I won't let you go.
All of you.
You're gonna stay here
with me forever.
Don't worry, Luffy will
change his mind eventually.
What the hell're
you talkin' about?
Uta, I love your singing
as much as anyone here,
but forever is kinda-
[ALL gasp]
Nami!
[UTA]
Hey guys!
I found some more
naughty pirates!
What should I do?
[BOY AUDIENCE C]
U! T! A!
[AUDIENCE]
U! T! A! U! T! A!
U! T! A! U! T! A! U! T! A!
Okay!
I'll take care of
the pirates for you!
Don't worry! Here goes!
I don't want to pick a fight
with one of Luffy's friends,
but that's enough.
No more games.
Who the heck're they? [gasps]
[BROOK]
There's quite a few of them!
Arabesque Brick Fist!
[FRANKY]
Ouchie Finger!
[UTA]
Luffy. I don't want this.
It's your fault for
being a pirate.
If you're really my friend,
then you'll give up that life.
What're you even talking about?
I'm not gonna do it.
This is wrong.
There's no reason
for us to fight.
All right, you don't
have to fight me.
Just sit there and lose.
[USOPP, CHOPPER gasp]
[CROWD cheering]
Seis Fleurs! Slap!
[LUFFY] Cut it out, Uta,
this isn't funny!
[UTA singing]
What the hell are you
trying to pull?
Lemme go!
I'm sorry, but I can't let you
become King of the Pirates.
[UTA] Everyone, tell him
what you think about pirates!
[SHEPHERD A]
Pirates burnt my city down!
[VILLAGER D]
Pirates killed my husband!
[BOY A]
They killed my mom!
[CROWD yelling]
[CROWD]
Make the pirates go away!
Make the pirates pay!
C'mon, you know Luffy!
He would never
hurt innocent people!
Uta! Let them go!
Don't raise your voice
at her, pirate! Stay away!
All it takes is
a little bit of seawater.
Your powers aren't so scary now!
[CHOPPER]
Hey, stop it!
I've seen enough!
[COBY]
Don't. They'll be fine for now.
We should start preparing
for the next phase.
Barrier Ball!
[FARMERS gasp]
Roo... Rooster?
[BARTOLOMEO]
Mister Luffy, there's something
real scary about Miss Uta!
I don't think we can take her!
[LUFFY]
She hasn't beat me yet!
A sore loser, just like always!
Huh?
[CROWD yells]
[AUDIENCE A] Where'd they go,
did they escape?
More pirates in hiding, huh?
That's a pity.
[BARTOLOMEO] Okay, we're safe,
but where are we?
Huh?
Well. I didn't think you'd
be a fan of Miss Uta, too!
My man!
I'm just a chaperone.
Hi.
For Bepo.
I'm sorry.
Traffy. Nice save. [laughs]
I wouldn't laugh
if I were you, Straw Hat.
If we can't figure out Uta's
power, she'll capture us all.
[LUFFY]
I can take her!
I'm on a 184
win streak, y'know!
[UTA]
Oh, there you are!
- You can't hide!
- [BEPO] It's Uta!
[BARTOLOMEO]
What should we do?
[LAW]
Retreat for now.
[UTA]
The pirates aren't so tough!
They're running away!
Let's team up and
hunt them down!
I can't get the SWORD
transponder snail to work.
Keep trying. If Uta
goes through with her plan,
this'll get ugly real fast.
Huh. So, SWORD has their eyes
on Uta, too, do they?
[COBY gasps]
Cipher Pol's on the
job, too? News to me.
So what? We don't have
time start an argument
with another department.
Think you can use your
Door-Door power to help us?
I wonder if you know too much.
[COBY]
No more than you.
I could use my power,
but I'd rather save my stamina
till we have a better plan.
Fair enough.
So what's the call?
We're running out of time.
[COBY gasps]
We'll bolster our numbers.
For now, that's all we can do.
[LUFFY] This sucks!
She got my whole crew!
They're just stuck
on some lines,
so it's probably okay,
but I still wanna save 'em.
I know things ain't
looking great,
but I'm so honored to
give Mister Luffy a lift,
these tears of gratitude
are all I can see!
[BEPO]
Straw Hat!
Thank you, mister bear!
[BARTOLOMEO groans]
My freakin head! Ahh!
Stop screwing around!
We need to hurry!
[gasps] There's a
whole giant city!
[BARTOLOMEO] Yeah, being
patrolled by those things!
[GORDON]
Gentlemen.
[BARTOLOMEO]
You really saved our butts!
- [GORDON] Your name is Luffy?
- [LUFFY] Yep!
[GORDON]
Then that means-
[LUFFY]
Who're you?
[BARTOLOMEO]
Sonova.
[GORDON]
Straight to the point, then.
My name is Gordon and
I am the former ruler
of this nation, known as Elegia.
[BARTOLOMEO] Not much of a
nation without any people in it!
You just got a buncha buildings.
[LAW]
That may be true now,
but Elegia was once known as
the music capital of the world.
Until all its citizens
disappeared overnight.
Really? So what the hell
happened to 'em?
[LAW] It was the work of
a famous pirate, or so they say.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Hm?
[GORDON] Let me tell you
something about Uta.
After Elegia's citizens
were gone,
I raised her
in this city, myself.
[LUFFY]
Wait, what?
[GORDON]
But as I said,
the others were gone,
so it was only us.
I'm sure she was
terribly lonely.
Of course, she put on
a brave face around me,
but many times,
when she was alone,
I would catch her singing
about her lost friends.
[singing]
[GORDON] I hoped to fill her
voice with boundless joy.
I raised her to be
the greatest singer
that the world had ever known.
This is important!
Are you even listening?
[BARTOLOMEO] I'm listening,
pops, keep talkin'.
[BEPO gasps]
[BEPO]
Sorry.
[BARTOLOMEO] Anywho, I guess
that explains why Miss Uta
doesn't know about what
Mister Luffy's been up to-
[BEPO gasps]
Jeez! Sorry!
[GORDON] The greatest question
I faced was where and when
to present her sublime
singing to the world.
She remained secluded
here for years,
so she was ignorant
of outside affairs.
But then, the time came
in a way that I couldn't
have anticipated.
It was two years ago.
She stumbled upon
something by chance.
A new kind of
video transponder snail
had washed up on the beach.
Uta started sending her
songs beyond the island.
Suddenly, she was free,
soaring from its confines.
Before long, she had amassed
a countless number of fans.
Her voice reached
every corner of the globe,
even as she stayed
in this silent, empty city.
[FAN A]
Thanks, Uta! You're the best!
I'm all better now!
I don't know what
tomorrow will bring,
but I can face it,
thanks to you.
It's nothing.
I am just so happy
you all like my singing!
[GORDON]
But the more people she reached,
the more she learned about
the state of the outside world.
Soon, she realized that
the Great Pirate Era
was a time of unending
war and bloodshed
for many innocent people.
At first, she only hoped to
uplift them with her music.
But as time went on,
fans started to hail Uta
as some sort of "savior
for the downtrodden."
Uta didn't deny them.
I get it. I feel
the same way, too.
I'll create a new age,
and then, we will be free!
Luffy. Stop Uta's plan
before it's too late!
You were her friend,
weren't you?
Surely you can do it!
I take it this plan of hers
involves the concert?
[gasps]
[BEPO]
Sorry!
Bepo!
[screams]
Bepo?!
Bear guy!
Huh?
Uta.
[UTA] Gordon. What are you
doing with these pirates?
Uta. Tell me why you left
Shanks' crew back then.
[LUFFY]
You said you were his musician.
So why don't you want
to go back with them?
Did something happen?
That's enough.
I don't want to talk about
Shanks ever again.
Shut up!
[GORDON gasps]
[gasps]
[BEPO screams]
[GORDON groans]
[UTA] You don't need this
stupid hat, or the One Piece,
and you don't need to be
King of the Pirates either.
I can give you
everything that matters.
Stop fighting and
enjoy life with me.
You stop! Lemme go!
[UTA] We could arm wrestle
and eat all kinds of food.
Like we did before, right?
Just laughing and
living life in peace.
Give that hat back!
Then we can talk!
Fine, Luffy. I don't need you.
Not in my new age.
Too bad.
[LAW]
Room! And Shambles!
Huh? Where'd they go?
Thought we had them
cornered for sure.
I see. Guess there's
all kinds of powers, huh?
It's no biggie!
Let's make it a game!
It's a hunt for runaway pirates!
[LUFFY] Lemme go!
I gotta get that hat back!
[LAW]
Shut up! You're in time out,
'cause I don't want you
doing anything stupid!
Fine, but we can't just
keep running away.
Our objective now
is to get to the port.
[LUFFY]
Why?
[LAW]
I noticed quite a few Marines
and intelligence agents
in the audience.
[BARTOLOMEO]
What d'you think that means?
[LAW] It means that the World
Government and the Navy
have already noticed
Uta's power.
More than that, they consider
her to be a threat.
So they were watching her
and planning to make a move?
Yeah. The idea's to find
someone from the Navy
and get them to talk,
so we can find out how-
[gasps] Hey, come back!
Hm?
[screams] Don't worry!
We won't die!
My barrier's real strong!
It won't stop rolling, though!
[BARTOLOMEO screams]
[gasps]
Aw crap! This is too high!
[BARTOLOMEO chuckles]
Mister Luffy, I'm begging you!
You gotta hold it in!
[BARTOLOMEO screams]
[UTA]
Hey, Gordon. Are you mad?
Because I did this concert
without asking you?
[GORDON]
It's not just a concert, is it?
[UTA] If you know that,
then you'll support me, right?
[GORDON]
Not-  Not in the way you want.
[UTA] Must be nice to have
that choice, to turn away.
[GORDON]
I only want the best for you,
which is most certainly
not this! Listen-
[UTA]
Just wait there for now.
If you don't stop this,
the World Government
will come for you!
Let them come. I have this.
[gasps] Tot Musica.
What are you doing with that?
[UTA] I knew you hid it
beneath the castle.
It was waiting
for me to find it.
Why didn't you throw it away?
Maybe all this time
you've hoped for
the dawn of a new
age just like me.
Uta! You can't use that!
Please! No!
Ohh...
[BARTOLOMEO]
Yep, that's a lotta water.
Far as the eye can see.
But what I don't see
are any Navy ships.
Oh no!
[BARTOLOMEO]
What's wrong?
[LUFFY]
The Sunny's missing!
[BARTOLOMEO] Did somebody
run off with your ship?
[SUNNY-KUN]
Sunny!
[gasps]
[SUNNY-KUN]
Su... Su...
[SUNNY-KUN panting]
Sunny!
- No way!
- Whoa, wait!
How did you get so tiny, Sunny?
[BARTOLOMEO] Did Miss Uta's
powers do this, too?
This is getting freakin crazy!
[SUNNY-KUN]
Sunny?
[SAILOR F] Reports are coming in
from the forecastle decks:
no sign of enemies
in the vicinity.
[SAILOR G] Make sure
we haven't been followed.
There's always
the chance of an ambush.
[SAILOR H]
Prepare for landing!
First deployment will move in...
[SAILOR I]
Armed scouting team 1 has landed
and is moving
through the ruins.
No signs of enemy.
[SAILOR J]
Armed scouting team 2...
[SAILOR K] Scouting team 3's
infiltration is successful,
but unable to confirm
presence of enemy.
[SAILOR L] Mission is underway,
but unable confirm
enemy presence or
even hostile unknowns.
Awaiting further orders.
[MOMONGA] What happened?
No one's moving.
[LUFFY snoring]
[SAILOR L] This is
armed scouting team 7.
No intel found on
Elegian citizens.
[SAILOR M]
Armed scout team 2.
We haven't spotted any
hostiles in the vicinity.
[SAILOR N]
This is armed scout team 4
with a message for
Vice-Admiral Momonga.
The audience is
still unconscious.
You're certain they're not dead?
[UTA]
No, just sleeping!
But they're not waking up,
no matter what you do.
[UTA] And if you kill me, their
souls will be lost forever.
I'm sure you think that
sounds like a bluff.
But I wouldn't risk it
if I were you.
[FUJITORA]
Young lady.
I think I understand how
your Devil Fruit power works,
more or less.
We all know what
we're up against here.
Great, saves me an explanation!
Okay, well, bye-bye then!
It's all right.
Even if you don't like me,
once I wrap this up,
I'll be gone anyway.
I can tell by the scent.
That's a wake-shroom
you're eating, correct?
[UTA]
Mm-hmm!
And what is that?
As the name implies,
if you keep eating wake-shrooms,
you will never fall asleep.
Though you will die soon enough.
[gasps] What are you thinking?
You're going to drag
the whole audience
into the abyss with you?
Death isn't a big deal.
The soul is way more important
than the body, after all.
We'll leave this sick world
and enter a new age
where we can live
together in spirit!
I would rather not shed
any blood, if I can help it.
Is there some way we can
make you reconsider, perhaps?
I'd hate to see this world
thrown into chaos.
Huh? Are you dumb?
I want everyone to be happy!
Kinda telling you
think that's "chaos"!
[FUJITORA] Misguided or not,
seems like you're
not going to budge,
even if we ask nicely.
Drawing your weapon
isn't "nice."
Not so fast! [chuckles]
If we block out your voice,
there's nothing you can do.
[UTA]
Nice try. But you're too late.
[MARINES scream]
[FUJITORA] Captain Coby!
What's the meaning of this?
We need to apprehend her!
Hey! The bad guys are here!
Let's beat them up, together!
Fight for our new era!
[MARINES gasp]
These are innocent civilians
she's controlling,
so try not to harm them!
Stand your ground,
but let's be careful!
[MARINE A gasps]
No!
[gasps]
[MARINE E gasps]
[UTA singing]
[MARINES scream]
[SANJI] Damn it!
I'm not making any headway.
[ZORO] You have no idea
how stupid you look.
[SANJI] Shut up! You're just
as stuck as I am, Mosshead!
Franky, Jimbei,
having any luck over there?
I can't budge an inch.
The same for me, I fear.
How about you, Brook?
[BROOK]
I'm almost there!
You found a way to get free?
I can almost see them.
Miss Nami's panties.
- Really?
- You look, and you die!
[BROOK laughs]
So here's a thought.
Uta said she'd
make us into a song,
and we're stuck on a staff.
If there's some logic
to our arrangement,
perhaps we should figure it out.
Huh? You know,
now thatcha mention it,
it does seem to be
some sort of melody.
[NAMI] Maybe our heads are where
the notes are s'posed to be?
[ROBIN] In that case,
think you could sing it, Brook?
[BROOK] I don't have
a view the entire score.
But what I can is
Nami's panties.
Totally worth it.
[COBY] Already figured out
the trick to the song?
You Straw Hats
never fail to impress!
Huh?
[ROBIN] You're here with Blueno?
What's happening?
Let's hold off on
the details for now.
Here. Can you sing this?
Mi! Re!
[NAMI gasps]
Well, I never!
Finally free!
Keep going, Brook!
Now, sing the next part!
I'm still a bit confused,
but it seems you've got
a grasp of her power.
[OVEN]
Hey! Leave me here if you like,
but could you at least
free my sister?
[BRULEE]
Oven, you're too good to me.
We'll free you on one condition.
Cooperate with the Navy
till we stop Uta.
[OVEN groans]
- [GORDON]  Mi.
- [BEPO grunts]
Mi.
[BEPO grunts]
Mi!
[BEPO yells]
Do re.
[BEPO]
Mi!
You have my thanks.
What a wonderful
little bear you are.
Thank you, sir!
[LUFFY groaning]
This sucks.
Why won't you let me out?
[BARTOLOMEO]
We still don't know exactly how
Miss Uta's powers work.
If she captures you, we're gonna
be in a lotta trouble!
Su-Sunny!
[gasps] Sunny?
[BARTOLOMEO]
Who are you?
It's good to see you, Luffy!
Glad you're safe!
Hey there, Coby!
Wanna be a pal and
get me outta here?
How did you know
where to find us?
[COBY] I was able to
sense Luffy's presence.
Observation Haki.
After that,
I just had Agent Blueno
bring me here with
his Door-Door ability.
Get me a Door-Door outta here!
Bleh!
Cipher Pol and
the Navy don't usually
conduct operations together,
so what's going on?
If I'm going to
explain something,
wouldn't you rather
I explain Uta's powers?
We've just been
walkin' in circles,
and you figured that out?
[LUFFY groans]
This may be hard for
you guys to believe,
but this world isn't real.
It's more like...
like a fantasy.
[LUFFY, LAW, BARTOLOMEO]
Huh?
[COBY] What you're seeing
around you is an illusion.
Or rather,
it's an imaginary world
that Uta created with her power.
Everyone affected is unaware
they're separated from reality.
This is the power
of the Sing-Sing Fruit.
Uta can draw people's
souls into this world
the second that they're
exposed to her singing.
That's why it seems like Uta
has the power
to control reality,
because in this world,
she makes the rules
and everyone else is powerless.
And all these people
trapped here,
it's like we're all dreaming
the exact same dream.
Actually, now that
you mention it,
Uta talked about having a power
like that years back.
Huh?
It all makes sense!
We used to fall asleep
whenever she'd sing,
but I never figured out why!
If you already knew that,
why didn't you say so?
[laughs] Guess I forgot!
[LAW] If we're here,
then what's going on in reality?
I don't know exactly,
but our bodies are lying there
like we're sleeping.
The bad news is,
Uta can control them,
like an army of puppets.
[LAW]
Great, how do we get back?
[COBY] As long as we're in the
world of the Sing-Sing Fruit,
there's nothing we can
do to affect reality,
and no way to control
our own bodies.
This will continue unless
Uta decides to release us
or if she falls asleep.
Every Devil Fruit power
has a limit.
She can't just do this forever.
That's exactly right.
Maintaining the Sing-Sing
World is surely
an incredible drain
on her endurance.
If I used my Door-Door power
continuously like that,
I would wear down in no time.
So we just gotta wait
till Miss Uta passes out,
then we're all free?
Sorry, that's not likely.
Before the concert started,
she was confirmed to be
eating wake-shrooms.
They keep people who
eat them from falling asleep.
But that can't last.
She'll run out of stamina soon,
and if no one stops her,
then she'll die.
She'll die?
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
Does she know that?
[LAW]
Sounds to me like the problem
is taking care of itself.
Just the opposite.
The second Uta dies,
this world will be
cut off from reality.
But that doesn't mean
we'll be released.
Rather, everyone here,
including us,
will be stuck, permanently.
That was Uta's plan
from the start.
To bring all of her fans
to the Sing-Sing World
and seal them in an eternal
dream, free of suffering.
I get the sentiment,
but that's insane.
'Kay. So do you know
how we stop her, Coby?
That's what I came here
to find out,
but I'm still not sure.
Unfortunately,
we still don't know enough.
But the more fighters
we have, the better,
so Helmeppo is trying to gather
all the pirates who've
been trapped here.
Also, the Straw Hats are free
and it looks like they're
putting some sort
of plan in motion.
I'm just glad
to hear they're okay!
They were headed for
Elegia's castle a moment ago.
Nico Robin seems to know
something about
this island's past,
specifically what
brought it to ruin.
[ROBIN] If there are any records
describing what happened,
it might give us a clue
about Uta's power
and how to overcome it.
Not much to pin
our hopes on, huh?
You unfaithful mossball,
put some trust in Robin!
I'm just telling it
how it is, fancybrows!
Good news!
The rats told me
where to find some books!
Don't worry!
Let's forget about
those dumb pirates!
It's our time,
nobody can stop us now!
[CROWD cheering]
How long do you think
we have before Uta dies?
[BLUENO] Less than two hours,
I would assume.
I'd say these walls
are probably soundproof.
I doubt Uta's powers
can reach us in here.
[JIMBEI] According to what
those Marines told us,
anywhere beyond the sound
of her voice is safe.
[NAMI] Please tell me these
aren't all history books.
[USOPP] Where do we even start?
We're on a tight schedule here!
[FRANKY]
Huh?
Three Sword Style!
Ultra Tiger Trap!
[SANJI]
Diable Jambe.
Frites Assorties!
Strong Right!
And Weapons Left!
Robin, just look
through the books!
- You sure?
- [USOPP] Don't worry!
We got your back, so read like
there's no tomorrow!
[UTA]
We're almost there.
All the bad people
won't be able to hurt you.
[KALIFA] Do you read me?
Uta has an hour left, at most.
One thing.
The video transponder snails
had their souls stolen
by Uta as well.
Right now, they're
broadcasting footage
from the Sing-Sing World.
They need to be muted
to avoid trouble.
The second that someone
hears her singing,
they'll be trapped as well.
[LUCCI]
It's been six hours since
Uta began her concert.
The number of victims
are increasing
at an exponential rate.
If things proceed at this speed
for as little as an hour,
we estimate that 70%
of the world's population
will be pulled into
her illusion.
We knew it was bad, but 70%?
This isn't just a threat,
it's the end of the world!
Do we have any other
means of attack?
[CHARLOSS]
Splendid!
Your voice is pretty!
And now, you're coming with me
so you can sing me lullabies
every night! [laughs]
A Celestial Dragon is here!
[BODYGUARD A]
Saint Charloss is requesting
your presence at his home.
[BODYGUARD B] You should be
consider this an honor.
So. How much is it
for the pretty lady?
Oh, I get it!
You're a World Noble!
You must be!
[CROWD yelling]
[UTA]
"The Celestial Dragons," right?
I read about you in a book!
You rule the world
and enslave people.
Everyone hates your stupid guts!
[gasps]
Listen, if you make
an enemy out of him,
this will not end well.
[UTA]
You guys are Marines?
You must've taken leave
to come and see my show!
That is so sweet of you!
[BODYGUARD B] Never mind that,
you will obey Saint Charloss
and accompany us
to the holy land.
- [UTA] Nuh-uh.
- [gasps]
But everyone is
equal here, y'know!
So even dumpy old Celestial
Dragons like you are welcome!
[CHARLOSS]
"Dumpy"? Execute her!
I've heard enough!
Come on, you guys.
Y'really think those guns
are gonna work on me?
[BODYGUARDS groan]
If you can't do your job,
then you're useless to me.
[gasps] What's wrong with you?
Hold on, I'm here!
You'll be all better
in just a second!
[CHARLOSS] Why are you just
standing there, you idiots?
I want her dead! Kill her!
[UTA grunts]
[UTA]
I thought you stood for justice,
but you kill someone
just 'cause that jerk says so?
[MARINE K] The Celestial
Dragons are like gods.
We can't defy them.
Oh, I see!
You're being forced to do this!
You're a victim, too!
Well, don't worry!
The world will be changing soon,
then nobles and slaves
and everyone else
will all be equal!
And why the hell
would I want that?
Guards, hurry and
kill that wench already.
Sorry, nothing personal.
[MARINES gasp]
What a shame.
[groans]
You rotten little wench!
I won't let you
get away with this!
If it's the last thing I do!
[UTA]
Don't worry!
You don't have to be afraid of
the Celestial Dragons anymore!
[CROWD chattering]
Uta! I don't think
this is such a good idea!
[AUDIENCE R gasps]
You've gotta set that guy free!
[AUDIENCE J]
The World Government will
hunt you down till you're dead!
I told you, it's fine!
[YORUEKA]
I'm sorry, Uta!
I think it's about time
I go back home.
I've got sheep to look after
and stuff like that.
But thank you! This was awesome!
[UTA] Hold up!
You're not making any sense.
Your life is hard,
so it's painful, right?
Why would you wanna
go back to that
when you can have fun here?
Hey, wait a sec,
what happened to
those pirates I had
captured earlier?
[UTA]
Hm?
Uta, stop!
Even if you're trying
to help people,
this is still wrong!
Another Marine, huh?
Here to save
the Celestial Dragon?
I'm here to save lives
and it doesn't matter whose!
You don't have the right to
take those people's souls!
You have to bring them
back to reality!
[AUDIENCE K]
Captain Coby?
[gasps]
[CROWD cheers]
[UTA]
Huh? Is he famous or something?
[AUDIENCE S]
He's a hero!
He saved so many people
at Rocky Port!
You didn't know?
Huh. That's news to me.
I'm not really up on
current events, y'know.
I've spent half my life
here on Elegia.
It's nothing.
Don't lose your cool now, hero.
You still have to explain
the situation to everybody,
and I'm way too tired to help.
Right.
Listen! Everyone!
The truth is, we're not
in reality right now.
This whole world is an illusion!
[CROWD chattering]
[COBY]
You've all been lied to!
You're in danger!
We need to get you
out of this dream
and back to reality!
Uta. Is that true?
Did you lie and trap us?
I wasn't lying!
And I'm not trying to trick
anyone either, I promise!
I just want you all
to be happy and safe,
that's why I made this
fun place for you to stay!
[gasps]
This is the world you
dreamed of, so no need to fear!
I'll bring an end to
the Great Pirate Era!
This is a time of
peace for everyone!
[gasps]
[UTA] No more sickness,
pain or strife,
and no more cruelty either!
We've got food, games,
and you've got
all the time in the
world to enjoy them!
You know, maybe I would be
happier here after all.
I'm with you!
All right!
Now that's more like it!
But I can't.
I've got work to do.
I'm telling you,
you don't have to work here
and you don't have to study.
Everyone is free now!
[AUDIENCE M]
I'm not free if I can't leave!
[AUDIENCE U] Not everything
in my life is bad.
[AUDIENCE V]
My job helps a lot of people.
[AUDIENCE N]
What about my family?
[AUDIENCE W]
This is gonna wreck society.
[AUDIENCE O]
I know Uta means well, but...
[AUDIENCE X]
It doesn't seem right.
There's still time.
Cancel this before anyone
is hurt and let them go!
Hold on a sec, would you?
What's the deal?
I thought all of you wanted
to be free from suffering!
Are you telling me
everything is fine?
You were just
lying for attention?
You said you didn't
want to spend every day
of your lives afraid of pirates!
I heard you!
[AUDIENCE Y]
Just let us go home, damn it!
[AUDIENCE P]
What's your problem?
Uta is doing this for us!
[AUDIENCE Z]
Well, I don't want it!
[AUDIENCE Q]
Me either!
[AUDIENCE R]
Shut the hell up!
[AUDIENCE S]
I agree with Uta!
[AUDIENCE AA]
I want out!
[AUDIENCE AB]
I liked going to school!
[AUDIENCE T]
Yeah? Nobody cares!
[AUDIENCE AC]
You can't have everything!
[AUDIENCE AD]
Nobody asked for this, okay?
[AUDIENCE U]
You suck!
[AUDIENCE AE]
Are you picking a fight?
All right, sorry!
I get it! It's okay!
I just need to make this
more fun for everyone!
[CROWD gasping]
[UTA]
See? This is better, right?
We're all having fun now!
Uta!
[UTA]
There we go!
Everyone's happy and
there's no more fighting!
A perfect world!
We'll stay together forever!
What'd she do to Saint Charloss?
We can't allow this to continue.
We need to act now!
[ELDER STAR D groans]
Even a Celestial Dragon
is caught in the crossfire.
Damn, we barely made it
out of there alive.
[BARTOLOMEO]
Who the hell are you?
[BLUENO]
Uh, it's Blueno.
[LUFFY]
Coby, did you see Uta?
[COBY]
Kinda.
[LAW] Sounds like negotiations
fell through pretty quickly.
[BLUENO]
Any luck here?
[BARTOLOMEO]
You tell me!
[JELLYFISH PIRATES cheer]
Now wait a minute.
Nobody said I'd be
working with Straw Hat.
Sorry, but I'd rather die.
Yeah, see ya!
Wait a sec, stop!
Don't worry, we'll find
a way to beat Uta!
Aw, Sunny.
Any news about my crew?
Still doing their
thing, I guess.
If they don't find
Uta's weakness,
then we're out of options.
We can't keep hiding.
[sighs] I can't use my
power much, not like this.
I trust my friends.
It'll be fine.
Rolling... Exploding Star!
That do the trick?
"The fears and doubts of men
are given form and collectively
given the name of Tot Musica.
Now flee, and cower."
[CHOPPER]
Kung-Fu Point!
[CHOPPER grunts]
Mirage Tempo!
[SANJI]
Diable Jambe!
Collier Strike!
[ZORO]
One Sword Style.
Demon Horse!
Welcome... to the Soul Parade!
Ice Burn!
[JIMBEI] Fish-man Karate:
Sharkskin Palm Thrust!
[FRANKY]
Radical beam: Giant Slalom!
Uh-oh! It's gonna collapse!
Damn it! Whose idea was it
to blow up the whole place?!
Super sorry!
We'll be buried alive!
I already look
the part, don't I?
[NAMI]
Robin! This way!
Brulee! I know you're in there!
Let us into the
Mirro-World, now!
You quit ignoring me!
You realize you need
our intel, right?
Otherwise, you'll be stuck here
in Uta's little world forever!
Are you okay with never seeing
your precious friends
and family again?
[NAMI gasps]
Will I see Katakuri if I help?
Uh. Uh-huh.
- Aww yeah!
- You made it! Hey guys!
Luffy!
Sunny!
[ZORO]
What the hell is that?
Sunny! Our ship!
Aren't you cute!
What kind of mods
are we talking here?
Back already?
Well that's embarrassing.
Sorry, Oven, I had to.
Well, Robin?
Did you find anything
that'll help us defeat Uta?
The answer is complicated.
I did find old records
of the Sing-Sing World,
but they said those who are
trapped here cannot escape.
No matter what.
[ALL gasp]
[ROBIN] However, the situation
changes if someone
with Sing-Sing powers
uses "Tot Musica."
Okay, so what is that?
[ROBIN]
An entity from ancient times
created from human emotions.
Loneliness, sadness, the shadows
that fall on the soul.
They called it
the King of Demons.
[COBY]
Is it some kind of weapon?
[ROBIN] The part I read only
said to avoid it at all costs.
That doesn't sound ideal,
but you said it would give us
a chance to escape?
How does that work?
It seems tricky.
According to the records,
when the Demon King is summoned,
it will appear in
two places at once.
One here, in the world
created by the Sing-Sing Fruit,
and the other in reality.
Although this may not
be the intent,
the demon acts as
a link between worlds.
The Demon King in each world
is seemingly invincible,
but if it's attacked in
both worlds at the same time,
it will be defeated and
the song world will disappear.
That works for me!
If it's in their records,
it must be true,
not that we have another option.
We can give it a try.
Huh?
[BARTOLOMEO gasps] But we can't
do this on our own.
Who's gonna fight
the demon in reality?
Everyone who knows
what's up is stuck here
and we can't talk
to the outside.
We've got Cipher Pol and
the Navy, but how would we
coordinate an attack with them?
[COBY] Wait. The Government
won't make a move
with civilian lives at stake.
Even if our intel is good,
it's useless without
someone on the other side.
[GORDON]
There is someone.
[COBY gasps]
- [LAW] Huh?
- Captain!
[SANJI]
Bepo? What happened?
Tiny Bepo and some old guy.
[BARTOLOMEO] That's Gordon.
He's Miss Uta's adoptive father.
- [USOPP gasps]
- And he's on our side?
We're kind of in danger here.
Just tell us who it is.
[GORDON]
Shanks.
[ALL gasp]
Seriously?
Your idea seems sound enough.
When Shanks arrives,
he'll stop Uta in reality.
Tell me,
did something bad happen
between Shanks and Uta?
I'm afraid I...
Just say it!
[LUFFY groans]
[BARTOLOMEO gasps]
Don't go!
We're not ready to
beat Miss Uta yet.
Mister Luffy's gonna
mess up the whole plan!
There's not a plan in the world
Luffy doesn't ruin.
We'll run out of time
standing around.
Might as well join him
and finish this.
But Shanks isn't here yet.
We just need to attack
at the same time, right?
So I'll start cutting
and won't let up.
Then when the other side
attacks, it should time out.
If we keep attacking,
we'll be just fine, won't we?
Oh man, you're right,
I shouldn't doubt Mister Luffy!
The Straw Hats can
make miracles happen,
so there ain't
no reason to worry!
All we can do is try!
[NAMI] Mm-hmm!
Real quick, before we go.
Did something happen to you?
Uh-huh.
[UTA]
What are you doing here?
How many times do I have to
beat you before you get a clue?
[LUFFY]
I haven't admitted defeat.
Aw, Luffy! You sore loser!
[gasps] Fine, have it your way.
I'll give you one more,
for old time's sake.
Ready?
[LUFFY grunts]
[LUFFY yells]
[yells]
Are you gonna hit me or what?
What you're doing isn't right!
I could say the same to you.
I'm stopping all the pirates.
They've made people
suffer for long enough.
It's over.
I don't even get it.
Why do you wanna be
King of the Pirates so bad?
To make a new era,
same as you.
[UTA]
Luffy!
[groans]
[UTA] Roger's execution
marked the beginning
of the Great Pirate Era.
And today,
your execution is
about to mark its end.
That's Shanks' hat!
No!
[LUFFY]
What happened?
Last time I saw you,
you loved the Red-Hair Pirates!
You were proud
to be one of them!
You used to tell me that
Shanks was your hero!
What changed to make you
hate pirates so much?
[UTA]
It's Shanks' fault.
[gasps]
[UTA] I did look up to him.
Just like you said.
I thought of Shanks
as my real father!
[gasps]
[UTA]
And it wasn't just him.
Everyone on that ship
was like family to me.
But that was all a nasty lie,
that's just what they
wanted me to believe.
As soon as he had the chance,
Shanks abandoned me.
He left me on Elegia and didn't
even bother to say goodbye!
You're wrong, he told me
he left so you could sing!
[UTA]
Another lie!
[applause]
Magnificent!
Your voice truly is
a gift to the world!
And if you would like
to hone than talent,
there's no shortage of
teachers and musicians here!
If you would grace us
with your presence,
then Elegia shall
welcome you with open arms!
[SHANKS]
Well, what do you think?
You seemed to really enjoy
singing back there.
[UTA]
Mm. I guess.
[SHANKS] You sure you wouldn't
rather sing for a big crowd,
instead a bunch of
smelly old men on a boat?
[UTA]
It's not like that.
I'll tell you something.
Despite what people say,
things like "peace"
and "justice"
don't exist in this world.
[UTA]
Hm?
[SHANKS]
But your voice? That's real.
That's something that
can bring happiness
to everyone, everywhere.
What are you talking about?
If you want,
you can stay here.
I'll come pick you
up once you're
the best singer
in the world, okay?
Never! I'm the musician of
the Red-Hair Pirates, y'know!
I like it here,
but if I had to leave you,
there's no point!
You're my family!
I'm sorry. It's fine.
We'll ship out tomorrow, okay?
Don't worry.
[UTA] But something
happened that night.
[UTA]
Gordon?
You've woken into a nightmare.
Why is everything on fire?
[gasps] Where's my family?
[GORDON]
They've taken everything!
And the people of this country,
they're dead- killed!
[UTA]
Where is Shanks?
They used you to trick us.
Enchanted by the
sound of your voice,
we welcomed you only to
have our treasures stolen!
[UTA]
They did this?
They are pirates after all.
They've been lying
your entire life, Uta.
They don't care about you!
This is what they do!
They're criminals!
[UTA] Come back, Shanks!
Don't leave me!
[RED-HAIR PIRATES laughing]
No! [screams]
[UTA screams]
Come back.
I thought we were family!
[UTA screaming]
Shanks wouldn't do that. No.
Does that sound
like him to you?!
Then why would he abandon me
for 12 years?
Wake up, Luffy!
You're letting him trick you!
This is exactly
what happened to me!
He's coming, you know.
To save you, I assume?
[LUFFY]
No, to save you.
Save me how? From what?
Shanks would never
forget his own daughter!
He won't let you hurt yourself,
or anyone else either!
Shanks isn't coming
and he never cared.
He threw me away.
Enough, okay?
Goodbye. Luffy.
[UTA gasps]
[UTA]
Shanks? Why?
[SHANKS] Well, it's been
a while, hasn't it?
I felt like hearing you sing.
[cackles]
[UTA]
No, this is perfect, actually!
There's no better way to
mark the end of your era
and the beginning of mine!
Thank you, Shanks.
Now I finally have a chance
to settle things with you.
Don't, you see?
This is our enemy!
The most evil pirate of all!
Let's beat him, together!
Shanks is out there, isn't he?
This is it!
[JELLYFISH PIRATE A yells]
[gasps] You still
wanna fight me?
Have it your way.
[inhales]
[sings]
Hold it right there!
[BEPO grunts]
Sunny! Sunny- !
[CHOPPER]
Guard Point!
[LAW]
Room!
Shambles!
Barrier Ball: Sound, baby!
Your voice is trapped.
That means your powers
are on lockdown, right?
I nailed this.
[chuckles]
Whoa! Watch it!
[yells]
Gab, these are innocent people,
so hold that power back!
[AUDIENCE AG groans]
[UTA]
No, no, no, no, no!
You can't die! Please!
We're almost there!
[AKAINU]
You heard me.
Hurry and deploy
every last asset
the Navy has and eliminate Uta!
It doesn't matter if the
audience goes down with her!
That's a small price to pay
for the safety of the world.
We can't afford to hesitate!
Show no mercy!
Does the Navy
protect people or not?
You are killing them
in cold blood!
Well? Kizaru!
We live in a cruel
world, my friend,
and there's no such thing
as justice without sacrifice.
Breaks your heart, I know,
but sometimes you gotta
kill a few thousand people
to get one bad egg.
Yasakani Sacred Jewel!
Ohh.
Hate to be rude, but this is
between me and my family.
You don't mind sitting
this one out, do you?
[FUJITORA] I'm afraid
that's not an option.
Can't afford to be
sentimental with
the fate of the world
on the line.
[gasps]
[SHANKS]
I'm asking you to back off.
Afraid you're asking
the wrong man.
If I was any good at backing
off, I'd still have my sight.
Hongo, you're helping me?
[COBY] Something is happening in
reality, but I can't tell what.
[ALL gasp]
[inaudible]
Yep, Uta's been
eating wake-shrooms.
Huh?
Apart from staying awake,
she's showing
all the telltale signs.
They make you more aggressive,
and you lose control
of your emotions.
[gasps]
- [BROOK] Yoho.
- [CHOPPER gasps]
[NAMI gasps]
[LUFFY gasps]
Pirates are villains, so they
can't look like friends.
Honestly, I should've
done this from the start.
Uta!
I was scared.
Afraid of my own power.
But I don't need to
hold back anymore.
I'm done! Done with all of you!
Be careful,
it's about to get ugly!
[UTA singing]
What the hell?
You're not supposed to
be able to break that!
- [SHANKS] No.
- [KIZARU] That's not good!
We went to so much trouble
to prepare these headsets,
but now they're no more
useful than scrap.
We're too late!
This couldn't get any worse!
An ancient beast
has been given form
by the Sing-Sing Fruit.
"The King of Demons."
Tot Musica!
[JELLYFISH PIRATES yell]
[BEPO]
Aye-Aye!
[gasps]
[LUCCI]
I can't stop it!
It doesn't matter now.
Our operation has fallen apart.
Reality and the
song world have been
linked by the Demon King,
and Uta has taken control.
[ROMY]
Uta! Stop it! Please!
[AUDIENCE V]
Uta, can you hear us?
[AUDIENCE AI] This world,
it's not what you promised us!
[CROWD]
Uta!
[grunts]
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY]
Uta!
[SANJI grunts]
[FRANKY chuckles]
Whoa! Sorry!
[BROOK]
Yoho!
[OVEN grunts]
Heat Beating!
[ALL gasping]
[JIMBEI grunts]
[JIMBEI groans]
It's no use!
If we can't coordinate
with the outside,
we'll never beat this thing.
What happened to you,
Princess Uta?
Your voice has the power
to save people!
Use it for peace!
[USOPP groans]
Usopp!
[USOPP]
I'm fine.
Leave Tot Musica to us!
Uta needs you!
Don't let her
suffer alone, okay?
[ZORO]
Wrap this up for us.
[yells]
[LUFFY yells]
Hey! Stop!
I know you can hear me
in there, so let's talk!
Mister Luffy!
[LUFFY groaning]
Luffy!
Keep fighting! She'll kill you!
Uta! Listen to me!
[LUFFY]
I just want to talk!
[UTA] I have nothing to say
to a pirate! Die!
- [LUFFY] No!
- [BEPO gasps]
Can't you see?
Luffy cares about you.
I can't sit here and
watch you hurt your friends.
That's enough!
Are you really siding with
someone who looks up to Shanks?
[GORDON]
You've got the wrong idea.
I lied to you.
On that night, 12 years ago,
it wasn't the Red-Hair Pirates
who destroyed Elegia.
It was Tot Musica!
I'm so sorry.
It's my fault for
hiding this from you.
I'm sure you remember
the party that night,
but not what happened next.
When the musicians of the city
learned that you were
leaving with Shanks,
they realized it was their
last chance to hear you,
and had you sing for hours.
Before you could leave,
they wanted the entire kingdom
to hear your voice.
They arranged it so that
your performance
would play throughout the land.
That was a terrible mistake.
[GORDON] Your singing beckoned
to a forbidden score.
A cursed weapon that had been
sealed deep beneath the castle!
[GORDON]
That score was Tot Musica.
Like dark magic,
it found its way
to your side, and tempted you.
It longed to be set free
by the power of
the Sing-Sing Fruit.
[gasps]
[ALL gasp]
[GORDON] With the seal broken,
the Demon King was unleashed.
Absorbing you into itself,
it took revenge on the country
that had locked it away.
Snap out of it, Uta!
You can't let
the demon take you!
[BONK yells]
[SNAKE, LIMEJUICE grunt]
[grunts]
[GORDON] It was fortunate you
were still a child at the time.
Your stamina gave out
and you fell asleep.
But the country was destroyed.
[GORDON]
Huh?
[GORDON] I'm sure the Navy will
want to make an arrest.
[SHANKS] Would you mind
keeping this a secret from Uta?
It'd be too cruel
to tell her the truth.
[GORDON]
Of course.
I'll tell the Navy that I was
responsible for this.
[SHANKS]
Nah. It should be us.
[GORDON]
Huh?
"The Red-Hair Pirates
laid waste to the city.
They tricked its people
and stole its treasure."
Tell that to Uta, as well.
I don't understand.
Are you leaving her?
[SHANKS] The girl's got
a hell of a voice.
We can't keep a superstar
like her cooped up on a boat
while we're on the run
from the Navy.
I leave her
in your capable hands.
Make her into the greatest
singer in the world.
Her singing's not a crime
that needs to be punished.
Yes. Of course.
I understand!
As king of Elegia, I swear upon
the devotion to music
that everyone in
this kingdom felt!
I will pour my heart
into Uta's training
and turn her in to a performer
who will bring joy
to the entire world!
[SHANKS]
Uta.
Even when we're apart,
you'll always be my daughter.
So, smile!
And I will, too!
We're so proud of our musician!
We wish you only the best!
[SHANKS crying]
Uta! You heard him!
I told you Shanks wasn't bad!
[laughs]
[gasps, groans]
[gasps]
Hey! [gasps] I drew that!
[LUFFY laughs]
Check it out!
[UTA]
What's that?
This is Shanks' straw hat! Duh!
I don't see it.
[LUFFY]
Look closer!
[UTA]
You can't draw.
Let's make it
the sign of our new age!
You can keep it! It's yours!
[UTA grunts]
[LUFFY]
Stop, Uta.
[UTA gasps]
[LUFFY]
This isn't freedom.
This isn't the new age
that you wanted!
You know that!
You know better than anyone!
Luffy!
[gasps]
- Luffy!
- It swallowed her up.
[BOTH scream]
What is that? This looks bad.
Hurry up and get in here
if you idiots want to live!
[BLUENO] How the hell are
we supposed to fight that thing?
We gotta figure out
how to coordinate
with the outside or we're dead!
[DEMON KING roars]
Ooh. The whole world's
turning upside down, huh?
The Navy shoots a couple
civilians, and all of a sudden
you pirates decide
to be the heroes?
Who gives a damn about labels?
Lives are at stake!
[KIZARU] I don't see why
that matters to you.
[BECKMAN]
Our daughter doesn't need
anything else on her conscience.
She's suffered enough!
Hey, men!
Nobody dies on our watch!
[FUJITORA] This is
turning into a right mess.
Stopping the demon
might be faster.
[KALIFA] Uta's been
eating wake-shrooms.
If she's been consumed
by Tot Musica,
I'm not sure how
she can be stopped.
- [MAN A] Uta.
- [WOMAN A] You did this!
[MAN B]
It's all your fault!
- [WOMAN B] You killed them.
- [MAN C] You're guilty.
[UTA] I knew the truth!
You didn't have to tell me!
I've known for a while,
about a year after I started
singing for the world.
I found a transponder snail
that recorded what
happened that night.
[TEACHER A]
If you're watching this,
beware of a girl named Uta!
She's too dangerous to live!
Her singing can destroy
the whole world!
[UTA]
But what was I supposed to do?
I couldn't change the past!
I had fans that were
counting on me,
so I had to keep going for them!
I'm tired of hurting.
I don't wanna be here anymore.
Is there a place
where we can all go
and together all of us
can be happy with you?
[UTA] I'll fight! I'll beat
all those evil pirates
and protect my fans from
this cruel, rotten world!
I can't turn back anymore.
For the new age- !
[DEMON KING roars]
[OVEN]
Heat Goat!
[OVEN grunts]
[BRULEE gasps]
Oven!
[SANJI]
Look out!
[BRULEE]
Huh?
We might not be friends,
but I can't let a lady
get hurt on my watch.
Now, there's something very
special that only you can do.
Right!
Coby! Take command!
Ready! Defensive
formation, let's hurry!
Our main priority is
protecting the audience!
Nami, Robin, please help
organize the evacuation!
Ladies and gentlemen,
proceed calmly into the mirror!
Brulee is key to this operation,
so Blueno, take your
team and protect her!
Jimbei, Franky,
guard our flanks!
Chopper, provide aid
to Luffy and Gordon!
Helmeppo and I will
watch your perimeter!
Usopp, provide fire
support from the rear!
Brook, Sanji,
you'll be frontline defense!
Zoro, you take point
and lead the assault.
Oven, Law,
you're on offense as well!
[ZORO]
Heh. Let's get to work.
[FRANKY]
Franky Rocket Launcher!
[ZEUS]
Yummy!
Go, Zeus! Breeze Tempo!
[LAW]
Room!
[LAW groans]
[CHOPPER gasps]
Stop! I'm the only one
who should die!
All of this is my fault, Uta!
I kept you from
the world for so long
because I was afraid
of your power!
And because I'm a fool
who loves music too much,
I couldn't bring myself to
throw away that cursed score!
I'm just a shameless coward!
I've ran away from
one problem after another,
leaving a trail excuses!
All of this is my fault.
[USOPP]
Y'know, when I was a kid,
my old man left me on my own.
But you've been by Princess
Uta's side this whole time!
That's gotta count
for something!
[SANJI]
You kept your promise,
even after your country
was wiped out.
I'd be proud if I were you!
[gasps]
Okay. I'm going.
[CHOPPER]
You sure?
She's suffered enough.
You understand, Luffy!
Her singing has
the power to bring joy
to the entire world and
that's what it should do!
How did it come to this?
Uta deserves better
than this nightmare!
Only you can do this, Luffy!
Please! Save Uta!
Of course I will.
Luffy!
Hurry! Go!
We're running out of time!
He has to try.
We're about to be
stuck here forever!
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY grunts]
[SHANKS grunts]
[KATAKURI]
That's not enough!
You need to attack in unison.
You and your allies
in the Sing-Sing World
must strike the same place
at the same time.
[SHANKS] Big Mom's son?
Why are you here?
[KATAKURI] I came to
save my sister. That's all!
[KATAKURI] My Observation Haki
lets me briefly see
the other side
through my sister's eyes.
This thing is acting as
a bridge between worlds.
[SHANKS]
Yeah, I know!
We've got someone
with that power, too.
It's kind of dicey, though.
My boy's got a long way to go,
but he needs to
stop freaking out!
[SHANKS] But thanks for
showing up, Katakuri,
we need all the help we can get.
Seems the Navy's busy
evacuating the audience.
Oh.
I don't suppose I can
convince you to
settle down, huh?
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY grunts]
Must be Luffy.
That was Shanks!
It worked!
That means Luffy was able
to coordinate his attack!
[yells]
[ZORO grunts]
[ZORO]
Heh.
Watch it, asshole!
[ZORO] Three Sword Style:
Crossing the Six Paths!
There's no end to this.
Wanna stomp on me, Moss Head?
I'll show you how to stomp!
I'll stomp your skull in!
[LAW grunts]
We're wasting time.
[LAW groans]
Damn, we need to
take out an arm or something
to slow this thing down!
Pull it together, Captain Usopp!
C'mon, think! Don't freak out!
[gasps] Dad?
Oh, good! Finally noticed, huh?
Y'knucklehead.
[chuckles]
[USOPP] I can see the other
side through my dad's eyes!
Luffy!
Right! Time to do this!
Are you ready?
[ALL]
Yeah!
[SHANKS]
All right, men, let's go.
No holding back!
[ALL]
Yeah!
We'll aim for
one limb at a time, okay?
Okay? Take the shots
as I call them!
Now, right leg, go!
Right leg, go!
[yells]
Heh.
[ZORO grunts]
Left arm!
Left arm, go!
[JIMBEI grunts]
[ROUX]
Woohoo!
[BOTH yell]
[JIMBEI grunts]
[YASOPP]
Left leg!
[USOPP]
All right, fine!
[KATAKURI]
You people owe me for this!
[yells]
[SANJI grunts]
[BOTH yelling]
[USOPP, YASOPP]
In the middle, right side!
[CHOPPER yells]
[YASOPP, USOPP]
Middle, left side!
[NAMI grunts]
[BOTH grunt]
[DEMON KING groans]
I'm surprised, Yasopp!
You get along well
with your son!
[YASOPP, USOPP]
Right arm!
[grunts]
[yells]
[FRANKY]
Franky Fresh Fire!
[SNAKE yells]
Luffy!
Shanks, you're up!
[BOTH]
No mercy!
[yells]
[LUFFY, SHANKS grunting]
[RED-HAIR PIRATES laughing]
Ya see that?
They should've known
not to pick a fight with us!
I'm glad they did!
We'll feast for months
with this haul!
[UTA crying]
[SHANKS gasps]
[SHANKS] What the heck is
a baby doing in here?
[BECKMAN]
Why was she with the treasure?
You think those pirates
kidnapped her?
[giggles]
You're kidding me! Uh...
- [UTA cries]
- Oh! Everything's fine!
- Don't cry!
Wipe away your tears,
never fear,
there's no crying here!
[giggles]
You know maybe this
happened for a reason.
[BOTH yelling]
[DEMON KING screams]
[UTA] All this time, I never
knew you felt the same as me.
Shanks, I'm... I'm sorry.
[SHANKS]
It's over now, okay?
Hongo!
[SHANKS] Drink this medicine
and go to sleep right away.
It's not too late.
It's funny. I never
wanted to see you again.
But I...
I really missed my crew.
Save it, okay?
Hurry up and take
the damn medicine!
[gunshot]
[KATAKURI]
What the hell is this?
We beat the demon like you said!
Why aren't they
turning back to normal?
Please, no. It's over.
You have to stop fighting.
Listen to me!
[USOPP] Why are we still
stuck here? We won!
It appears that
we were too late.
Our souls have
been swallowed up,
and even if Uta is saved,
the demon's power persists!
What can we do?
Uta, just drink the medicine.
I can't rest, not yet.
I have to sing and
bring them all back.
[UTA]
Do you remember?
Back then, what you told me?
I have a power.
I can bring happiness to the
whole world with my singing.
[MARINE N screams]
I'm Uta, proud musician
of the Red-Hair Pirates.
I won't give up!
[gasps]
[YASOPP groans]
[singing]
[LIMEJUICE gasps]
The voice of an angel.
Saving us.
Luffy, you never punched
me once, after all that.
[LUFFY]
'Cause you're still my friend
and my punches hit
harder than a pistol.
I've seen your stupid punches.
You do that spinny thing.
[LUFFY]
Those weren't for real!
[UTA chuckles]
You're sucha sore loser!
I always thought
of you as a runt,
but I guess you got taller
than me at some point.
[UTA]
This hat means a lot to me, too.
This is the hat of a great man,
so I want you to keep
growing into it, okay?
[UTA]
Shanks, is Luffy safe?
He's back with us.
The audience is
looking good, too.
Thank goodness...
Sorry, Shanks.
I forgot how proud I was
to be a part of your crew,
but as time went on,
I lost faith.
Despite that, you saved me,
even though it was my fault.
[KIZARU] That's a very dangerous
criminal you've got there.
One who nearly destroyed
the whole world.
Why don't you hand over Uta,
so we can all leave peacefully?
Well! So that's
your answer, is it?
I was hoping you
would play nice.
Oh well, what a pity.
No, it's...
[SHANKS]
You're not touching Uta.
She is my daughter.
[gasps]
[SHANKS]
And our family.
If you wanna take
her away from us...
...you better be ready to die!
[MOMONGA gasps]
[KIZARU]
Would you look at that!
Even some of the
Vice-Admirals are falling.
Not every day you get
to see a demonstration
of Haki from one
of the Emperors.
There are far too many
civilians in the area.
We can't afford to have
a battle with foes like these.
[UTA]
What about my fans?
What will they do?
They're gonna be fine.
People aren't as fragile
as you might think.
And besides.
A new age is dawning soon.
[singing]
[gasps]
[LUFFY gasps]
So, you're finally awake.
Where's Uta?
Where did Shanks go?
Look.
[LUFFY]
Hey, Sunny!
Sunny?
[gasps]
[LUFFY laughs]
I'm gonna be
the King of the Pirates!